well the falcons season has ended on a
sour note losing to the San Francisco
49ers by a score of 28 to 24 and as a
fan it's it's always difficult to see
your team lose and of course the Falcons
have to do in such a brand style you
know they come out with their hair on
fire and then in the second half it's
like all of a sudden the team just
transforms into uh what do you even
calling it something that ain't fun to
watch you know I mean you look at the
stats Falcons had one hundred more yards
in offense Matt ran at for New York's
passing you know he did have one pic but
you know at San Francisco deed created a
lot of turnovers this year can't fault
him for that and they did lose a fumble
to you know families only had two
penalties they were both personal fouls
unfortunately you know they one time of
possession you know the rushing wasn't
terrible they still found a way to not
score a single point in the second half
and all the taking is one touchdown one
touchdown and we would be talking about
his team the Super Bowl and that's
unfortunate but uh over a quick QB
comparison Colin Kaepernick 16 to 21 233
yards and that's an 11-yard pretend
average which is pretty good one
touchdown no pics he was sect once for
nine yards Matt Ryan 30 of 42 for 396
yards through three touchdowns in one
pic needed up one sack really a mean you
can't ask for much more from him I mean
if you're going to go ham you might as
well go ham my Ryan did it's just a real
shame that couldn't put anything
together in second half for rushing you
know actually Jack was Rogers had more
carries than Michael Turner he had 10
carries for 32 yards which is okay you
know in turn her head hate carries for
30 yards would maybe like to have seen
him run the ball little bit more but it
wasn't working that well on the flip
side Frank Gore ran all over us for 21
carries for 90 yards and while Michael
James had five carries for 34 yards I'm
actually really surprised that Colin
Kaepernick didn't run all over us but
really I mean after what they did last
week he's left me new the foul
to try and scheme for it really tell it
take for this goes to Julio Jones had 11
catches for 182 yards really impressive
and Roddy White had seven catches for a
hundred yards I mean can't fault either
those two they both really showed up
Ronnie White was targeted 15 times you
know maybe like same come down with a
few more of those catches I mean the
Falcons did have a chance at the end and
unfortunately just can come away with it
so now what happens left to look forward
to next season you know the drafts
coming up in a few months real
interesting to see what they go without
expect them to go with a pass rusher but
we'll save that for another time there's
a quick recap of the Falcons 49ers
conference championship game thanks for
watching and until next season but
always go Falcons